Update data prepper get started.md (#1839)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/get-started.md

If you are migrating from Open Distro Data Prepper, visit the [Migrating from Open Distro]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/migrate-open-distro/) page. 

## 1. Installing Data Prepper

There are two ways to install Data Prepper:

1. Run the Docker image.
2. Build from source.

The easiest way to use Data Prepper is by running the Docker image. We suggest
you use this approach if you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com) available.

You can pull the Docker image:

```
docker pull opensearchproject/data-prepper:latest
```

If you have special requirements that require you to build from source, or if you
want to contribute, see the [Developer Guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/developer_guide.md).

## 2. Configuring Data Prepper

You must configure Data Prepper with a pipeline before running it.

You will configure two files:

* `data-prepper-config.yaml`
* `pipelines.yaml`

Depending on your use case, we have a few different guides to configuring Data Prepper.

> * [Trace Analytics]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/trace-analytics/) - Learn how to setup Data Prepper for trace observability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Trace Analytics](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/trace_analytics.md)
```

> * [Log Ingestion]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/log-analytics/): Learn how to set up Data Prepper for log observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Log Ingestion](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/log_analytics.md): Learn how to set up Data Prepper for log observability.
```

> * [Simple Pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/simple-pipelines): Learn the basics of Data Prepper pipelines with some simple configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Simple Pipeline](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/simple_pipelines.md): Learn the basics of Data Prepper pipelines with some simple configurations.
```

```

Once Data Prepper is running, it will process data until it is shut down. Once you are done, shut it down with the following command:

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:4900/shutdown
```
### Additional configurations

For Data Prepper 2.0 or later, the Log4j 2 configuration file is read from `config/log4j2.properties` in the application's home directory. 
By default, it uses `log4j2-rolling.properties` in the *shared-config* directory.

For Data Prepper 1.5 or earlier, optionally add `"-Dlog4j.configurationFile=config/log4j2.properties"` to the command if you would 
like to pass a custom log4j2 properties file. If no properties file is provided, Data Prepper will default to the log4j2.properties file in the *shared-config* directory.

## Next steps

All Data Prepper instances expose a few APIs. The [API documentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/api/) outlines these APIs and
how to configure the server.

Trace Analytics is an important Data Prepper use case. If you haven't yet configured it,

> see the [Trace Analytics documentation]{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/trace-analytics/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see the [Trace Analytics](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/trace_analytics.md).
```

> Log Ingestion is also an important Data Prepper use case. To learn more, see the [Log Ingestion Documentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/log-analytics/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log Ingestion is also an important Data Prepper use case. To learn more, see the [Log Ingestion Documentation](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/log_analytics.md).
```

To learn how to run Data Prepper with a Logstash configuration, see the [Logstash Migration Guide]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/logstash-migration-guide/).

> For information on how to monitor Data Prepper, see the [Monitoring]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/clients/data-prepper/monitoring/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how to monitor Data Prepper, see the [Monitoring](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/docs/monitoring.md) page.
```
